
# Switzerland trip
From travels to Switzerland and France in June and July of 2019. This 
was a personal, solo trip during LinkedIn break and while my wife and 
kids were in Canada for the summer with relatives.

I booked the trip in January 2019 after researching a bunch of other 
options. Switzerland had the right combination of 1) someone I know 
lives here, 2) not likely to be sweltering hot (lol!), 3) relatively  
easy to get to other places nearby, 4) found a decent deal on a 
business class plane ticket, and 5) different enough from the US but 
not so different that language or culture differences would cause a
lot of friction.

## Itinerary
For reference, the only pre-planned arrangements were:
- Fly to Geneva (via Istanbul) on June 27, arriving June 28
- Stay for first two nights somewhere in Geneva to recover from jetlag
- Fly back to the States from Geneva on July 7

My intention was to keep my arrangements pretty flexible so I could 
go-with-the-flow and stay extra time in places that interested me and 
move along if they didn't. That plan _sort of_ worked; more on that 
below.

## Getting Here
I took two flights, both on Turkish Airlines: a 13 hour from SFO to 
Istanbul, and a 3 1/2 further flight to Geneva. 

The SFO flight landed around 5pm and the Geneva flight was scheduled 
for around 7pm. 

Istanbul built a 
[new airport](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ju6FJ8qRTtk) they're 
very proud of. It's... giant. High, vaulting ceilings and so much 
space. The business lounge was comically difficult to find but 
otherwise the signage was good. It was a very long walk to my gate. 
As far as I could tell they only had those squatting toilets and I 
wasn't in any condition to give that a go.[^1] There are a lot of
"fit-and-finish" type problems with the airport where it looks like 
it was a rush job at the end or they don't have enough maintenance 
staff -- cracked tiles, dirt along edges of wall, carpet misaligned,
shoddy caulking in the bathroom. The airport overall, though, is a 
feat of engineering.

<img src="../assets/2019-switzerland-leaving-istanbul.jpg" width="480">




[^1]: I can't imagine they don't have Western-style toilets around 
with all the Westerners transiting the airport. If they truly don't 
then it's a giant fucking oversight. I was too tired to investigate 
further, and language was a challenge.